README.md, before:

# useInkathon – React Hooks for Substrate & ink!

![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-blue)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-red)
[![Scio Labs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scio%20Labs-We%20are%20hiring-black)](https://scio.xyz)

Typesafe React Hooks abstracting functionality by polkadot.js for working with Substrate-based networks and ink! Smart Contracts.

It can be seen in action in the [inkathon.xyz boilerplate](https://inkathon.xyz) and on [AZERO Domains](https://azero.domains).

## Documentation 📃

https://scio-labs.github.io/use-inkathon/

## Disclaimer 🚨

This package is under development and not ready for production use yet.

## Getting Started

Install the package from the npm registry:

```bash
npm install @scio-labs/use-inkathon
```

Use it:

1. Wrap it around your app or parent component:

```ts
import { development, UseInkathonProvider } from '@scio-labs/use-inkathon'
```

```tsx
<UseInkathonProvider appName="INK!athon" defaultChain={development}>
  <Component {...pageProps} />
</UseInkathonProvider>
```

2. Use the `useInkathon` hook everywhere underneath to access [all the exposed properties](https://scio-labs.github.io/use-inkathon/types/UseInkathonProviderContextType.html) below.

```ts
const {
  activeChain,
  setActiveChain,
  api,
  provider,
  connect,
  disconnect,
  isLoading,
  accounts,
  account,
  isConnected,
  signer,
  setAccount,
} = useInkathon()
```

## Package Development

```bash
# Install pnpm (https://pnpm.io/)
npm i -g pnpm

# Install dependencies
pnpm i

# Start tsup in development mode (watching)
pnpm dev

# Build the package and generated docs
pnpm build
```

When locally importing it into other projects, this does not yet work with `pnpm link`, unfortunately. A local build package has to be generated and imported like:

```bash
# 1. Generate a .tgz package of the build (w/o node_modules)
pnpm pack

# 2. Add it as a dependency in your other project
pnpm add ../use-inkathon/scio-labs-use-inkathon-0.0.1-alpha.0.tgz
# This results in a package.json entry like: `"@scio-labs/use-inkathon": "file:..//scio-labs-use-inkathon-0.0.1-alpha.0.tgz"`
```

## Package Release

```bash
GITHUB_TOKEN=… pnpm release-it
```

Commit message:

chore: Update readme with features list

README.md, after:

# useInkathon – React Hooks for Substrate & ink!

![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-blue)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-red)
[![Scio Labs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scio%20Labs-We%20are%20hiring-black)](https://scio.xyz)

Typesafe React Hooks abstracting functionality by polkadot.js for working with Substrate-based networks and ink! Smart Contracts.

It can be seen in action in the [inkathon.xyz boilerplate](https://inkathon.xyz) and on [AZERO Domains](https://azero.domains).

## Disclaimer 🚨

This package is under development and not ready for production use yet.

## Documentation 📃

https://scio-labs.github.io/use-inkathon/

## Features ✨

- Wrapper for polkadot.js (wallet connection, account switching, etc.) that saves you 100+ lines of code
- Easy-to-use React Hooks (i.e. `useInkathon`)
- Constants/Definitions for Substrate-based chains & wallets
- Makes polkadot.js compatible with server-side environments (i.e. Next.js)
- 🔜 Soon: contract object instantiation hooks, balance & native token hooks, weightsv2 helpers, …

## Getting Started

Install the package from the npm registry:

```bash
npm install @scio-labs/use-inkathon
```

Use it:

1. Wrap it around your app or parent component:

```ts
import { development, UseInkathonProvider } from '@scio-labs/use-inkathon'
```

```tsx
<UseInkathonProvider appName="INK!athon" defaultChain={development}>
  <Component {...pageProps} />
</UseInkathonProvider>
```

2. Use the `useInkathon` hook everywhere underneath to access [all the exposed properties](https://scio-labs.github.io/use-inkathon/types/UseInkathonProviderContextType.html) below.

```ts
const {
  activeChain,
  setActiveChain,
  api,
  provider,
  connect,
  disconnect,
  isLoading,
  accounts,
  account,
  isConnected,
  signer,
  setAccount,
} = useInkathon()
```

## Package Development

```bash
# Install pnpm (https://pnpm.io/)
npm i -g pnpm

# Install dependencies
pnpm i

# Start tsup in development mode (watching)
pnpm dev

# Build the package and generated docs
pnpm build
```

When locally importing it into other projects, this does not yet work with `pnpm link`, unfortunately. A local build package has to be generated and imported like:

```bash
# 1. Generate a .tgz package of the build (w/o node_modules)
pnpm pack

# 2. Add it as a dependency in your other project
pnpm add ../use-inkathon/scio-labs-use-inkathon-0.0.1-alpha.0.tgz
# This results in a package.json entry like: `"@scio-labs/use-inkathon": "file:..//scio-labs-use-inkathon-0.0.1-alpha.0.tgz"`
```

## Package Release

```bash
GITHUB_TOKEN=… pnpm release-it
```
